Release Chronograf v1.10.6 (#5714)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1/about_the_project/release-notes.md

  - /chronograf/v1/about_the_project/release-notes-changelog/
---

## v1.10.6 {date="2024-12-16"}

### Bug Fixes

> - Prevent of dangerous InfluxQL statements from auto-executing.
> - Loading the Hosts page for a large number of connections.
> - Flux Query Builder connectivity with InfluxDB Enterprise.
> - Meta queries for Cloud Serverless environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent dangerous InfluxQL statements from automatically executing.
- Fix Hosts page loading when there is a large number of connections.
- Support InfluxDB Enterprise when using the Flux Query Builder.
- Support metaqueries for InfluxDB Cloud Serverless environments.
```
